Update README.md (#69)
hydradatabase/hydra: README.md

psql postgres://postgres:hydra@127.0.0.1:5432
```

### Use Hydra Cloud

Hydra Cloud is the fastest and most reliable way to run Hydra. It is a cloud-based data warehouse that allows you to consolidate data from various sources into a single, unified system. It provides a user-friendly interface for automated data ingestion and transformation.

Hydra Cloud provides a scalable and secure cloud environment where automatic backups, resource scaling, high availability, point-in-time recovery, and more is available instantly with new databases.

Sign up for [Hydra Cloud](https://dashboard.hydras.io/signup) and get a free, managed database.

## 🎁 Features

> <br>🗃 hosted postgres database - [docs](https://docs.hydra.so/getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🗃 hosted postgres database - [docs](https://docs.hydra.so/getting-started)
```

removes extra newline at the start of this section

<br>📎 columnar store with updates and deletes- [docs](https://docs.hydra.so/concepts/using-hydra-columnar)
<br>🤹‍♀️ query parallelization
<br>🐎 vectorized execution of WHERE clauses
<br>📊 external tables - [docs](https://docs.hydra.so/concepts/using-hydra-external-tables)

## 🤝 Community and Status
[DEVELOPERS.md](https://github.com/hydradatabase/hydra/blob/main/DEVELOPERS.md) for contributing and building the image.
<br>[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/zKpVxbXnNY) discussion with the Community and Hydra team
<br>[GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/hydradatabase/hydra/discussions) for longer topics
<br>[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/hydradatabase/hydra/issues) for bugs and missing features
<br>[Blog](https://blog.hydra.so/) for latest announcements, tutorials, product updates
<br>[@hydradatabase](https://twitter.com/hydradatabase) for the tweets, memes, and social posts
<br>[Docs](https://docs.hydra.so/) for Hydra features and warehouse ops

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![follow the repo](.images/follow.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

this image now feels a bit random / out of place. I don't think it's needed.

Author: Let's leave it for now- likely to remove after adding hydra architecture diagram

- [x]  Private Alpha: Limited to select design partners
- [x]  Public Beta: Talk with Hydra team to learn more

> - [ ]  Hydra 1.0 Release- Generally Available (GA) production use with financially backed SLA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ]  Hydra 1.0 Release: Generally Available (GA) and ready for production use
```

SLA comment feels out of place. Maybe put it in the Hydra Cloud section?
